docs: add reference to table to track vue 3 compat libraries (#641)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/migration/introduction.md

[rpv-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/rollup-plugin-vue/next.svg
[rpv-npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/rollup-plugin-vue/v/next
[rpv-code]: https://github.com/vuejs/rollup-plugin-vue/tree/next

::: info

> For additional information on Vue 3 compatability with libraries, be sure to check out [this issue in awesome-vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue/issues/3544).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information on Vue 3 compatibility with libraries and plugins, be sure to check out [this issue in awesome-vue](https://github.com/vuejs/awesome-vue/issues/3544).
```
